There. Your wish is granted.
Farewell.
Huh?!
Aren't you supposed to grant
three wishes?!
That's just a bonus for regulars.
Unknown first-timers only get one wish.
What?!
Farewell.
It's bright again!
Ow, ow, ow...
Owie, ow, ow...
-What the heck...?
-Huh?!
You two! You've grown small!
Huh?! What're you talkin' about?!
Huh? Huh?
Whoa?!
W-What the heck is this?! Huh?
Whaaaa?!
Original Work, Story & Character Design
Akira Toriyama (Shueisha "Jump comics”)
Hee, hee hee!
Time to adventure!
You'll be hooked for sure!
The Demon Realm is full of mystery
DAIMA wonderland
Whoopsie daisy!
Even when your heart shrinks
And you feel low
Dreams are everywhere
Don't worry about it
Never give up
Here comes a New Story
Thousands of jabs and silly jokes
They're waitin' for you
Jaan! Jaka jaan!
The fanfare of courage
No-holds-barred battles
The excitement ain't stoppin'
Hey Shenron, grant my wish
I wanna meet
Someone amazin' again tomorrow
Blast it!
If I knew this would happen,
I would've wished for the Evil Third Eye!
Hey, Neva! Can't you gather
the Demon Realm Dragon Balls like that?!
Huh? Then you'd have to fight
the Tamagamis and win.
Then can't you do that ritual
over again here?
Even I can't do that twice in a row.
Well... You got what you wanted.
It looks like they've pretty much
been rendered harmless...
Without this one, the Dragon Balls
of this world will be useless, right?
Pretty much.
Let's bring him with us just in case.
We can always use him as a hostage
if need be.
Understood, sire.
What's goin' on?
Oh my gosh!
Trunks has been turned into a baby!
Goten, too!
I've shrunk, too!
Trunks, you've turned into a baby.
You're a baby, too.
Why is this happening?
I don't know!
Has everyone shrunk?!
No. The staff are all unchanged!
Who... are you?
I'm Mister Satan.
Buu!
My goodness! I've grown young!
Look. Isn't our skin so smooth?!
You're right!
Everyone looks younger, but I guess
they're the same on the inside?
We haven't so much grown young
as become tiny.
You've always been tiny!
As if I didn't know that.
Whoa! Even Vegeta's all cute now!
What's going on?
It must have something to do with
Shenron being summoned.
Fear not, children!
I, the world's ultra super hero,
Mister Satan will...
I sensed an unpleasant presence
at the temple.
Okay! I'll go check it out!
Whoa!
Hot! Hot!
Because you shrank so suddenly, you aren't
used to the balance of your body yet.
Who are you?
I'm Master Roshi.
You're Old Kamesennin!
I guess I don't look so old anymore, do I?
You can call me Big Kamesennin instead.
Kibito will take us to the temple.
Come with us.
Hold it. I'm coming, too.
Oh. Hi there.
This ain't the time for "Hi there."
Huh? Wait, where's Dende?!
Some strange men took him away.
What strange men?!
They had pointy ears and said
they came from the Demon Realm.
The Demon Realm?
The Demon Realm?!
That's...
One of them looked like you,
Supreme Kai-sama.
What did you say?!
They called him "Degesu."
Degesu...!
So it was Degesu.
Someone you know?
He's Supreme Kai-sama's younger brother.
You've got a brother?!
Yes.
And there was a short arrogant guy,
and an old Namek called Neva.
Did you say "Neva"?!
Who's that?
Long ago, he was the Legendary Namek
who remained in the Demon Realm alone
to protect the Demon Realm Dragon Balls.
So that Namek controlled
the Earth Dragon Balls?
He was feeble, but he had great power.
And the short arrogant guy asked Shenron
to turn all of us into children.
Then let's go after them!
We gotta save Dende!
We can't. There's no way
to teleport to the Demon Realm.
Then what do we do?
We might have something we can use.
Kibito, return to the Supreme Kai World
and bring back the spaceship.
Understood.
Well done.
I have returned.
Long ago, I came to this universe
in this spaceship.
I don't know if it still works.
It's no good.
It looks like it won't turn on.
I've neglected it for so long, so...
In that case, we can get Bulma to fix it.
She's a genius!
I'll go get her!
Phew! That was close!
Get used to the balance of
your smaller body.
Are you used to yours?
Looks like you're the same, too.
I've brought them.
Vegeta! You're here, too!
Of course I am!
I can't let anyone get away with
turning me into a brat!
Where's baby Trunks?
I left him with a babysitter so he's fine.
I heard what's going on.
So this is the spaceship?
What is this?
This thing is practically junk.
And it looks like
it's been beaten up recently.
That happened when Goku and Vegeta fought
Majin Buu in the Supreme Kai world.
This spaceship...
It has a pretty interesting structure.
A normal spaceship wouldn't be able to
get to the Demon Realm.
I'll fix it,
but it'll take about ten days.
That long?!
We need to hurry or they'll kill Dende!
We don't have a choice.
I believe Dende-san will be all right.
They kidnapped him without killing him,
so they must have plans for him.
Okay.
I'll need a garage, machines,
and helper robots.
I'll bring them as capsules, so
could you take me back home, Kibito-san?
I... understand.
TWO DAYS LATER
How can we return to normal?
I think I got the hang of flyin' now!
Sure. Whatever.
What the heck? I couldn't reach.
Huh?
Still can't. Turnin' small
made my sense of distance all screwy.
Be quiet, Kakarot!
Sorry, sorry.
At this rate it'll take too long
to get used to this size.
That's it!
I gotta go somewhere! I'll be right back!
Tch. He's so obnoxious.
So is everyone with pointy ears
from the Demon Realm?
Not everyone.
But you can assume that most are.
Long ago, some sought freedom,
some went out to rule other planets...
Traveling became a thing,
and there was time when many Majin
slipped out of the Demon Realm.
Eventually it was forbidden.
And now...
only those who are granted permission
can travel to and from the Demon Realm.
There we go!
-Hey, Kibito-san.
-What?
I ordered takeout for dinner,
so could you teleport and go get it?
Thank you!
Hey!
Huh?!
Ah. There you are.
Karin-sama!
It's been a long time.
You ain't surprised I've shrunk at all?
There's no need to explain.
I sometimes look at
the Surface World below from here.
Huh. You've got a lotta free time.
Pretty much.
More importantly, Karin-sama,
I'm here for my Nyoibo.
Hm?
See? It's not in there.
It was here, remember?
Nobody really uses it
to go to the Palace anymore.
Then where is it?
Hmm... Where was it?
Ah, that's right.
I had Master Roshi hold onto it.
With Master Roshi, huh?!
Thanks!
Maybe you should take your Flying Nimbus!
I'll be fine!
He's always in such a rush.
Hey, Master!
Ah. Goku.
What're you doin'?
Now that I'm young again,
there's a lot of things I want to do.
Hmm.
So, how can I help you?
Know where my Nyoibo is?
Karin-sama said you have it.
Your Nyoibo?
Hmm. Did I have it?
What? He said that it was here.
Did you put it away somewhere?
I can't recall.
Don't be like that.
You gotta remember, Master!
Hey!
Welcome back, Son-kun.
Lemme show you somethin' cool.
Ta-daa!
Extend!
Return!
What do you think?
That's your Nyoibo.
Remember it, Bulma?
Yeah. Where did you find it?
Master Roshi used it for laundry.
Oh! Looks delish!
Everybody dig in.
Let's eat!
Now that I think about it,
it would have been easier
if Kibito-san brought the spaceship
back to Capsule Corporation.
I think you're mistaking me
for some kind of delivery boy.
Hey, Piccolo. Do you remember
the Demon Realm at all?
No. I wasn't born back then.
But I've heard about it.
What sort of place is it?
The place where Nameks lived
was nice, apparently.
Huh. Then why did they escape?
Nameks don't like to be ruled.
Hm?
What's that?!
An enemy?!
I don't know.
I don't sense any strong malice.
But my senses may have dulled
from becoming a child.
And after I got a feast for us!
Here it comes.
Oh! That's the spaceship!
The one the Demon Realm folks used!
What?!
Oh. But it's a different color.
It could still be one of them.
Excuse me.
Who are you?
I am Glorio.
You're from the Demon Realm.
Yes. That's right.
You're... Goku, right?
That's right.
I have a request.
Come with me to the Demon Realm
and defeat King Gomah.
Huh?!
What?! Gomah?!
Who the heck's that King whatever?
An evil Majin who became king
after Supreme Demon King Dabura's death.
Now it makes sense.
The short arrogant man
who kidnapped Dende-san.
It was Gomah.
Who is he?
A Majin who cannot be underestimated.
He's very powerful, but also very crafty.
Yes.
Well then, that's perfect.
Let's go. Let's go rescue Dende.
Wait a minute!
How did you know about Goku-san?
I heard from the king of
the Third Demon World.
He watched your battle with Majin Buu
through a Magic Monitor.
I was ordered by the king to come here.
So you serve the king of
the Third Demon World?
No. I was given the request in secret
to come get you.
I see.
Very well. Then I shall go with you, too.
Huh?
You, Supreme Kai-sama?!
It appears that
my brother is involved as well.
And I do possess some knowledge
about the Demon Realm.
Then let's go.
Hold on a minute!
Can I examine your spaceship?
I'd like to use it as reference
for our repairs.
Spaceship?
Ah, you mean my plane.
If it goes to space then it's a spaceship.
It just happened to fly
through space this time.
It doesn't normally.
Hmm.
You're free to do so, but please hurry.
That Glorio fellow...
Don't let your guard down to him.
Huh? How come?
He shouldn't have known
that we were turned into children,
but he wasn't surprised.
Maybe he heard about it
from that king of his.
Let's hope that's the case.
I see.
Thanks. It's impressive,
but I think I understand how it works.
I should complete my repairs
sooner than expected.
Okay!
Now let's get goin'!
I'm going, too.
Until we deal with that king
and restore our Dragon Balls,
we'll be children forever.
You can't.
This plane only carries three people.
What?! We're child-sized,
so one more can squeeze in!
I'm sorry.
You can join us after Bulma-san finishes
repairing the spaceship.
Tch...
Catch you all later then!
Holding out my hand
Up to the sky
The moment is ours
Make a miracle happen
Like a bird with open wings we fly
Picking up
Those pieces of hope
There's no giving up
Go as far as we can
I got you by my side
Run, run, run
Over the mountain we go
I hear it always
Your voice in my heart
"You know that we're never alone"
DAIMA